README.md, before:

# Computational Physics and Machine Learning: Project 3

This repository contains scripts to explore Gaussian Process Regression. This repository was setup for project 3 of the lecture Computational Physics and Machine Learning.

## More information:
The main file to run the scripts is `run_gpr.py` and the jupyter notebooks explain how to find the best GPR for the given data.

## How to setup
1. Create conda environment
```python
conda create --name compsci_project_3 --file requirements.txt
```
2. Run one of the following lines depending on your use case.
```python
# if you only want to run the code
python setup.py install
# if you want to change some scripts later
python setup.py develop
```

## Contributors (alphabetic order)
* [Amandine Kaiser](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/people/phd-candidates/kaiser.html)
* [Anthony Val C. Camposano](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/people/phd-candidates/camposano.html)
* [Harish Pruthviraj Jain](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/people/phd-candidates/jain.html)

## Acknowledgement
All contributors are part of the [CompSci](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/) doctoral program which is managed by the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences at the University of Oslo (UiO).
The program is partly funded by the EU Horizon 2020 under the Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act

Commit message:

added new runs, changed directory structure

README.md, after:

# Computational Physics and Machine Learning: Project 3

This repository contains scripts to explore Gaussian Process Regression. This repository was setup for project 3 of the lecture Computational Physics and Machine Learning.

## More information:
The main file to run the scripts is `run_gpr.py` and the jupyter notebooks explain how to find the best GPR for the given data. The output from different runs can be found this [here](output).

## How to setup
1. Create conda environment
```python
conda create --name compsci_project_3 --file requirements.txt
```
2. Run one of the following lines depending on your use case.
```python
# if you only want to run the code
python setup.py install
# if you want to change some scripts later
python setup.py develop
```

## Contributors (alphabetic order)
* [Amandine Kaiser](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/people/phd-candidates/kaiser.html)
* [Anthony Val C. Camposano](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/people/phd-candidates/camposano.html)
* [Harish Pruthviraj Jain](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/people/phd-candidates/jain.html)

## Acknowledgement
All contributors are part of the [CompSci](https://www.mn.uio.no/compsci/english/) doctoral program which is managed by the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences at the University of Oslo (UiO).
The program is partly funded by the EU Horizon 2020 under the Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
